#Start App
There is a Home tab on the main page, as well as the ability to Login or Register.

	After initially launching the application, you can log in as an admin by entering
the following email and password in the appropriate fields, then click Login
Admin's email & password (email: admin@gmail.com, password: Qwerty19_!)

	You can also register a new user by clicking the Registration button. Next, 
enter your details and click Register.


#Menu options - admin
	For the admin, all application functions are available:
creating / editing / viewing information / deleting users,
courses and roles.

	After logging in as an admin, you get immediately to the main menu, 
Where the greeting messages are immediately displayed.

All tabs and actions (Students, Courses, Roles) are available for the admin.

	On the students tab, the admin can create a new user, search among all participants,
finding the right student, you can return to the full list of all students with one 
click. By clicking on the Mail, sort by mail field, anologically for the Surname and 
Date of Receipt.
	The admin can also edit the student's information or change his password or delete it.
1. To edit information about a student, click Edit and change the values in the corresponding
fields, then click save.
2. To change the password, click on the Change Password button. In the window that opens,
enter the old password and the new one, then click Save.
3.In order to delete a user, simply click on the Delete button, and the user will be deleted.

Anologically for the Courses tab.

	On the Roles tab, the admin can click the Add Role button and add a new custom role.
1. Click Add Role.
2. In the window that opens, write a new role.
3. Click Add.

	On the Roles tab, the admin can click the List of Students button and add a role to a student.
1. Click The List Of Students.
2. In the window that opens, select the student to whom you want to add a new role.
3. Select the role checkmark.
4. Click Save.

On the Roles tab, the admin can click Delete and delete a specific role.

#Menu options - student
	For the student, only the function of viewing information
on the students and courses tab is available. Role tab not
available.

	After logging in as an admin, you get immediately to the main menu, 
Where the greeting messages are immediately displayed.

	The Student user can only view and search for information on the Students and Courses tabs. 
The Roles tab is unavailable.



